[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1739543417.467819",
        "client_msg_id": "5bdad875-2b5a-43b4-9da5-456c1960400b",
        "text": "Hey folks. <@U01JAD86TEW> was wondering if we want to do a project that extends the CRAN cookbook to less common problems with CRAN submissions...what do you think? We could try applying for Google Season of Docs again. Alternatively we could pick up the other idea that was suggested last year: creating an R Wiki (<https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsod\/gsod2024\/wiki\/table-of-project-ideas>). I have put GSoD on the agenda for the R Contribution Working Group next week, so it would be good to start thinking about this.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1739543417.467819",
        "reply_count": 2,
        "reply_users_count": 2,
        "latest_reply": "1739864853.707279",
        "reply_users": [
            "U06F2AKNWSX",
            "U01DZUA88S1"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U06F2AKNWSX",
                "ts": "1739555530.522349"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
                "ts": "1739864853.707279"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": true,
        "last_read": "1739864853.707279",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "Jdu0k",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hey folks. "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01JAD86TEW"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " was wondering if we want to do a project that extends the CRAN cookbook to less common problems with CRAN submissions...what do you think? We could try applying for Google Season of Docs again. Alternatively we could pick up the other idea that was suggested last year: creating an R Wiki ("
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsod\/gsod2024\/wiki\/table-of-project-ideas"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "). I have put GSoD on the agenda for the R Contribution Working Group next week, so it would be good to start thinking about this."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "clap",
                "users": [
                    "U06F2AKNWSX"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U06F2AKNWSX",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1739555530.522349",
        "client_msg_id": "b22f02e4-f9b5-45f4-a7d4-064c3ea39468",
        "text": "I think either idea sounds good! I can put some thoughts into which idea seems the most topical for useRs  currently. When is the next RC WG meeting?",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "909e4a62bd9d",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2024-05-23\/7166506751971_909e4a62bd9db50bb8f5_72.png",
            "first_name": "Jasmine",
            "real_name": "Jasmine Daly",
            "display_name": "Jasmine Daly",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "jasmine.dumas",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1739543417.467819",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "53gZ6",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "I think either idea sounds good! I can put some thoughts into which idea seems the most topical for useRs  currently. When is the next RC WG meeting?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
]