[
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694791059.947349",
        "client_msg_id": "1b67cef8-a3fd-405a-b6c5-28fd609b6233",
        "text": "anyone thinking about taking a lead on this one?\n\nI'm happy to offer tech help (e.g. setting up a new branch in the current `translations` repo (not to conflict with the dashboards) with MkDocs configured + all content from the current wiki copied over as a starting point and deployed via GH pages), if that sounds useful",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1694688496.104259",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "L799r",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "anyone thinking about taking a lead on this one?\n\nI'm happy to offer tech help (e.g. setting up a new branch in the current "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "translations",
                                "style": {
                                    "code": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " repo (not to conflict with the dashboards) with MkDocs configured + all content from the current wiki copied over as a starting point and deployed via GH pages), if that sounds useful"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "100",
                "users": [
                    "U0504HBNVPG"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694792529.255519",
        "client_msg_id": "bf74d2ed-5e84-41db-8d41-2ba9b3cfdc29",
        "text": "At the R Contribution Working Group we discussed quite a lot about translations: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md>.\n\nOne discussion was following up on the idea of applying for funding to the R Consortium to support translations work as suggested by <@U01ERR6MN9G>. There are some tricky issues to work out here and it seems unlikely that we have the capacity to pull something together in time for the Oct 1 deadline - at least that was the consensus at the meeting. So unless someone else here has the ideas and energy to push this forward now, it will probably have to wait till a later round.\n\nHowever, <@U027JEHGZRA> suggested asking for funding for local hackathons, which could potentially be done under the Special Projects fund (<https:\/\/www.r-consortium.org\/all-projects\/r-user-group-support-program>). This avoids a lot of the issues, e.g. supports anyone that contributes, funds could be managed via a local R group, more flexible deadline to apply for funding. So something to consider for anyone wanting to organize such events.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1694792529.255519",
        "reply_count": 1,
        "reply_users_count": 1,
        "latest_reply": "1694801532.175269",
        "reply_users": [
            "U0504HBNVPG"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U0504HBNVPG",
                "ts": "1694801532.175269"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": true,
        "last_read": "1694801532.175269",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "8y3\/e",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "At the R Contribution Working Group we discussed quite a lot about translations: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ".\n\nOne discussion was following up on the idea of applying for funding to the R Consortium to support translations work as suggested by "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01ERR6MN9G"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". There are some tricky issues to work out here and it seems unlikely that we have the capacity to pull something together in time for the Oct 1 deadline - at least that was the consensus at the meeting. So unless someone else here has the ideas and energy to push this forward now, it will probably have to wait till a later round.\n\nHowever, "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U027JEHGZRA"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " suggested asking for funding for local hackathons, which could potentially be done under the Special Projects fund ("
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/www.r-consortium.org\/all-projects\/r-user-group-support-program"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "). This avoids a lot of the issues, e.g. supports anyone that contributes, funds could be managed via a local R group, more flexible deadline to apply for funding. So something to consider for anyone wanting to organize such events."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0504HBNVPG",
                    "U01KXU8UNRX",
                    "U04Q1PMBFJ9",
                    "U03D12RB00L"
                ],
                "count": 4
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694794448.457969",
        "client_msg_id": "2d790222-2779-41b0-99c2-c4335cfe8998",
        "text": "A couple of other items I have turned into issues for 2023\/2024:\n• Presentation on translation at various R conf\/seminar series: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/43>\n• R Journal article describing work done to revitalise work on translations: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/44>\nFeel free to assign yourselves if you would like to collaborate on these things.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "ts": 1694794031,
                "color": "36a64f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/43",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "#43 Present on translation guidelines\/Weblate at various events",
                "title": "#43 Present on translation guidelines\/Weblate at various events",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/43",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            },
            {
                "id": 2,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "ts": 1694794312,
                "color": "36a64f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/44",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "#44 R Journal article describing work done to revitalise contributions to translations",
                "title": "#44 R Journal article describing work done to revitalise contributions to translations",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/44",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "Iql8x",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "A couple of other items I have turned into issues for 2023\/2024:\n"
                            }
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_list",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "rich_text_section",
                                "elements": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "text",
                                        "text": "Presentation on translation at various R conf\/seminar series: "
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "type": "link",
                                        "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/43"
                                    }
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "rich_text_section",
                                "elements": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "text",
                                        "text": "R Journal article describing work done to revitalise work on translations: "
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "type": "link",
                                        "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/44"
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ],
                        "style": "bullet",
                        "indent": 0,
                        "border": 0
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Feel free to assign yourselves if you would like to collaborate on these things."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "raised_hands",
                "users": [
                    "U027JEHGZRA",
                    "U0504HBNVPG"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694795033.196419",
        "client_msg_id": "b55d009a-6546-4efd-a036-925bab565398",
        "text": "Added issue here as there is consensus to work on this: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/46>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1694688496.104259",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "ts": 1694794998,
                "color": "36a64f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/46",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "#46 Moving translations wiki",
                "text": "From R Contributors Slack:\n\nMove translations wiki to separate site, e.g. bookdown\/Quarto\/MkDocs, to give more control over layout and make it easier for people to contribute.\n\nThis could take over the `translations` repo and we could move the dashboard to a `translations-dashboard` repo so they get deployed at <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations|https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations> and <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations-dashboard|https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations-dashboard> respectively.",
                "title": "#46 Moving translations wiki",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/46",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "fields": [
                    {
                        "value": "idea for 2023\/2024",
                        "title": "Labels",
                        "short": true
                    }
                ],
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "HUcA",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Added issue here as there is consensus to work on this: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/46"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0504HBNVPG"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U05S0QQCWBW",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694797202.617459",
        "client_msg_id": "b2b1f9c2-661f-4f4b-b25c-a4bd780088f0",
        "text": "Perhaps I will wait for the migration to quarto. I've self-assigned the task in gh",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "7d089fedcbc2",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2023-09-12\/5867871450567_7d089fedcbc2ea780e7d_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Joan",
            "real_name": "Joan Maspons",
            "display_name": "Joan Maspons",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "joanmaspons",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1694689550.295239",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "HHc",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Perhaps I will wait for the migration to quarto. I've self-assigned the task in gh"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U0504HBNVPG",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694801532.175269",
        "client_msg_id": "1aabe7f0-0da5-4d84-87c8-0c5b62ad38b0",
        "text": "Thank you for the detailed minutes!\nRe: local events, with <@U0358KRE3FC> we talked about organizing a talk &amp; small translathon in next month's LatinR in Montevideo, Uruguay, to advance with translations + involving spanish and portuguese-speaking folks in the translation project - in the next days I can go over the idea with the conference's chairs to see if we can set it up.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "aba4957da1df",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2023-04-13\/5093952851847_aba4957da1df7479d954_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "María",
            "real_name": "María Nanton",
            "display_name": "María Nanton",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "mcnanton",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1694792529.255519",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "izMy",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Thank you for the detailed minutes!\nRe: local events, with "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U0358KRE3FC"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " we talked about organizing a talk & small translathon in next month's LatinR in Montevideo, Uruguay, to advance with translations + involving spanish and portuguese-speaking folks in the translation project - in the next days I can go over the idea with the conference's chairs to see if we can set it up."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1::skin-tone-2",
                "users": [
                    "U01DZUA88S1"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U03D12RB00L"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]