[
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413511.694229",
        "client_msg_id": "8c518de9-fdd4-405f-8447-4043d390b2d2",
        "text": "these are great, thanks <@U01DZUA88S1> :bow:",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "9vS",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "these are great, thanks "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01DZUA88S1"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "emoji",
                                "name": "bow",
                                "unicode": "1f647"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413520.173919",
        "client_msg_id": "9a2d01ea-e2d7-40cd-a7dc-7d46dfdcd1ed",
        "text": "<@U01JACR6L7L> also brought up some related cool ideas, e.g. running `tools::checkPoFiles` on the provided translations, and I think we could implement that with <https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/admin\/checks.html#writing-own-checks>",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "image_url": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/_images\/social_previews\/summary_admin_checks_d06b1ebb.png",
                "image_width": 1146,
                "image_height": 600,
                "image_bytes": 68822,
                "from_url": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/admin\/checks.html#writing-own-checks",
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/favicon.ico",
                "id": 1,
                "original_url": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/admin\/checks.html#writing-own-checks",
                "fallback": "Weblate: Checks and fixups",
                "text": "Custom automatic fixups: You can also implement your own automatic fixup in addition to the standard ones and include them in AUTOFIX_LIST. The automatic fixes are powerful, but can also cause dama...",
                "title": "Checks and fixups",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/admin\/checks.html#writing-own-checks",
                "service_name": "Weblate"
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "bVZ",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01JACR6L7L"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " also brought up some related cool ideas, e.g. running "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "tools::checkPoFiles",
                                "style": {
                                    "code": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " on the provided translations, and I think we could implement that with "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/docs.weblate.org\/en\/latest\/admin\/checks.html#writing-own-checks"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413576.530829",
        "client_msg_id": "04ba3544-6706-4169-89ad-09a249eb1885",
        "text": "it feels like it's a good time to start a project board for R\/weblate .. maybe we can use the GH tickets with its built-in project manager and create a board for the tickets with the `weblate` label?",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "68ou",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "it feels like it's a good time to start a project board for R\/weblate .. maybe we can use the GH tickets with its built-in project manager and create a board for the tickets with the "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "weblate",
                                "style": {
                                    "code": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " label?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01N3ET8N82",
                    "U027KCBMY6Q"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413735.435689",
        "client_msg_id": "5352d5b1-f8b1-4ff0-a1b3-89b57637c040",
        "text": "created a demo at <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/projects\/2>",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "ZrvL",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "created a demo at "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/projects\/2"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413927.503099",
        "client_msg_id": "d2369e9a-d0e2-4879-aace-4caec99252e2",
        "text": "also added the first ticket to backlog on the above :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "446",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "also added the first ticket to backlog on the above "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "emoji",
                                "name": "slightly_smiling_face",
                                "unicode": "1f642"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684413940.388679",
        "client_msg_id": "95b270f2-78a2-4d2e-a22d-d908fdf6a727",
        "text": "if this seems like a good approach, can do the same for the other ideas\/tasks as well",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "R0tl",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "if this seems like a good approach, can do the same for the other ideas\/tasks as well"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684414043.512049",
        "client_msg_id": "6280239c-0842-491b-8aa9-e772e1fd8031",
        "text": "PS regarding the above \"custom check\", I suggested to do that at the R Project Sprint when we can better collaborate and dedicate time for this, but let me know if there's more urgency either related to that or other infra tasks",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "67eb97d51d7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-07-07\/2251315439203_67eb97d51d7a584014d2_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Gergely",
            "real_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "display_name": "Gergely Daróczi",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "daroczig",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "n2s",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "PS regarding the above \"custom check\", I suggested to do that at the R Project Sprint when we can better collaborate and dedicate time for this, but let me know if there's more urgency either related to that or other infra tasks"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684421835.299559",
        "client_msg_id": "f3a5e49f-739d-40ea-95f1-a6c8d2dc2280",
        "text": "A project board is a great idea, but I think it would be better on the translations repo (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/translations>) since we already started documenting weblate stuff on the wiki there.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1684421835.299559",
        "reply_count": 3,
        "reply_users_count": 2,
        "latest_reply": "1685305412.851859",
        "reply_users": [
            "U027JEHGZRA",
            "U01DZUA88S1"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
                "ts": "1684959090.930589"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
                "ts": "1685084078.328889"
            },
            {
                "user": "U027JEHGZRA",
                "ts": "1685305412.851859"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": true,
        "last_read": "1685305412.851859",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "13fVh",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "A project board is a great idea, but I think it would be better on the translations repo ("
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/translations"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ") since we already started documenting weblate stuff on the wiki there."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01KXU8UNRX",
                    "U01N3ET8N82",
                    "U027KCBMY6Q"
                ],
                "count": 3
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1684422172.380259",
        "client_msg_id": "f7cef80f-1399-42b1-b2cd-3851f56d607f",
        "text": "It would be great to work on these infrastructure issues during the sprint, I think we can have a translations stream, where people can spend time working on translations and also contributing to the underlying infrastructure (in base R and on the weblate server). I think all of these changes can wait till the sprint, but we do need to document them so we don't lose these ideas (even if Slack kept messages &gt;90 days, it would be hard to trawl through the messages!). If we have a project board, we can see what needs to be done and prioritise tasks.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "vhto",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "It would be great to work on these infrastructure issues during the sprint, I think we can have a translations stream, where people can spend time working on translations and also contributing to the underlying infrastructure (in base R and on the weblate server). I think all of these changes can wait till the sprint, but we do need to document them so we don't lose these ideas (even if Slack kept messages >90 days, it would be hard to trawl through the messages!). If we have a project board, we can see what needs to be done and prioritise tasks."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "100",
                "users": [
                    "U027JEHGZRA",
                    "U027KCBMY6Q",
                    "U0504HBNVPG"
                ],
                "count": 3
            }
        ]
    }
]