[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1627391763.050800",
        "client_msg_id": "5cd30f12-1be4-4608-b416-0050e6ed92c9",
        "text": "Minutes posted from R Contributing Working Group meeting last week: <https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/team_minutes\/2021-07-23.md>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2021-07-23*\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*: Michael Lawrence  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*Forwards*: Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel, Saranjeet Kaur Bhogal, Jyoti Bhogal  \n*R Consortium Diversity &amp; Inclusion Group*:  \n*MiR*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*General R community*: Gabe Becker, Kara Woo\n\n*Agenda*\n\n1. Welcome\n2. R Dev Guide (<https:\/\/forwards.github.io\/rdevguide\/|https:\/\/forwards.github.io\/rdevguide\/>)\n    • Current status: SK: will be making a few changes in response to review comments not addressed yet.\n        • GB: Is it feature complete? SK: covered the topics we had planned for the initial version [end-product of 10-week project funded by the R Foundation].\n        • MCR: Do we track usage? HT: Some privacy issues, e.g. with Google Analytics. MCR: Can look up alternatives. HT: would be helpful to track current usage and future usage if we do anything to promote it\/improve SEO; also for reporting back to the R Foundation.\n        • HT: Not yet linked from R Contribution website, which should aid discovery.\n        • HT: Not yet covered by the guide: contributing to translations, testing code, building\/installing R on Linux\/Mac. ML: Should encourage people to add issues for things that need adding.\n        • GB: Should change first page\/introduction that people see - need to make clear it is a draft, also focus on purpose and scope vs contributors\/how to contribute. Should do this before promoting more widely. ML: was that structure copied over from Python guide? HT: Don't think so, just miscellaneous content we needed to add somewhere in addition to planned topics. SK: Expects this will change in the revision. GB: Should also have a way to cite. HT: Also consider license. SK: Could try Zenodo to obtain DOI. MCR: For citation can use R Contribution Working Group as author. MCR: Someone from rOpenSci might be able to give advice if necessary re licensing\/DOI. SK: Check out <https:\/\/guides.github.com\/activities\/citable-code\/|https:\/\/guides.github.com\/activities\/citable-code\/> for adding a DOI to a GitHub repo.\n    • Feedback on guide from useR!\n        • SK: Visibility\/SEO - came up in Q &amp; A, also in this issue: <https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rdevguide\/issues\/22|forwards\/rdevguide#22>. HT: Expected as not promoted much yet, while still in draft.\n        • SK: Also issue regarding using GitHub r-svn repo for testing (<https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rdevguide\/issues\/23|forwards\/rdevguide#23>). ML: We should encourage people to try it out. GB: But not official workflow. ML: Can phrase it as community tool. GB: Need to be clear that people should not discuss issues there. ML: This group could respond to issues as a pre-screening process. GB: Worried about fracturing conversation. MCR: Need to have more newcomers testing it. ML: Currently have a lot of conversation happening upstream that's not recorded (e.g. on Slack) at least conversation on GitHub is tracked in systematic way. GB: could link issues to a channel on Slack.\n    • HT: We previously discussed idea for book club\/mentoring group to work through guide. Put this on hold for now till Sept\/Oct.\n3. useR! 2021 RCWG workshops\n    • Reporting back:\n        • Contributing to R\n            • GB (tutorial lead): Went through lessons learned in his own work; participants worked through past bug in small groups. 50 signed up; ~30 at peak, 19 stayed all through, seemed to enjoy it. Would have been good to have a wait list to replace drop-outs.\n            • HT: Organized follow-up meeting on July 20. Had 5 people and worked through another one of the past examples. Again good feedback. Can repeat over next few weeks.\n            • GB: As tutorial used Docker of past R version, simple to run again, e.g. at next useR!.\n        • Translations workshop\n            • ML: Was there for first hour. Michael Chirico (tutorial lead) went through techincal perspective, tips &amp; tricks. A lot of audience engagement. Discovered some infrastructure that could be useful for R Consortium funded Translations Working Group. No submissions yet, but a good start that working group can carry forward. SK: In the second half, participants tried to translate to Hungarian, Spanish, Indonesian, Hindi. The automatic tool mentioned for translating was: <https:\/\/poedit.net\/|https:\/\/poedit.net\/>)\n    • HT: Next step will be publication of tutorials on RCWG website, after they have been published by useR!.\n4. RCWG 1 year on - how are we doing?\n    • ML: Creating Slack space has been useful; would be good to add more value to belonging to that, e.g. list of bugs that people can go after - liaise with people doing triage to push bugs in that direction?\n    • GB: It's good that people joining the Slack are self-selecting as people that want to contribute to community-building. Activity is still fairly low at the moment, but messages do generally get a response. So far [GB is] still the only person that has posted in #patches-for-review and #working-out-loud channels. Encourage people to use #work-out-loud channel during next bug-fixing Zoom?\n    • ML: Should encourage more folks to join RCWG meetings. HT: Can put invite on Slack not just send by email. KW: Should make clear new people can join anytime.\n    • ML: Would be good to set goals for the year. HT: We could repeat exercise did last year; generating ideas via GitHub issues. GB: This enables people to just watch, they don't have to come with anything already.\n    • GB: More widely publicize RCWG minutes. HT: Can post on Slack when available. MCR: Could add to R Weekly. So reach people beyond Slack.\n    • MCR: Could have some student projects e.g. working through dev guide. ML: Need to avoid setting coursework that creates spam e.g. submitting bug reports just as an exercise. MCR: Yes, any reports should be checked by the professor first, so at least they think it is useful. GB: Could use examples from Contributing to R workshop as teaching material.\n    • SK: Could add good examples to dev guide. [From previous message on Slack: examples of bug report(s), review of bug report(s), examples of submitted patch(es), examples of patch(es) reviewed, examples of improvements to R's documentation, etc.]\n    • ML: Could add beginning to end case study to include in the guide. From discovering bug, to good bug report, to bug fix. GB: Example from Contributing to R workshop showed patch not necessarily needed to make good contribution. ML: Could have case studies both with and without a patch.\n    • ML: Would be good to have bigger social media presense. RCWG twitter account?\n5. AOB \/Next steps\n    • Next meeting: Will skip August meeting, giving time to asynchronously generate and discuss ideas for next year on GitHub. Meet again in Sept, to further discuss\/vote on ideas to work on next.",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/team_minutes\/2021-07-23.md | 2021-07-23.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution|forwards\/rcontribution>",
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ],
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/team_minutes\/2021-07-23.md | 2021-07-23.md>",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/team_minutes\/2021-07-23.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "OG+69",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Minutes posted from R Contributing Working Group meeting last week: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/team_minutes\/2021-07-23.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1627417004.059800",
        "client_msg_id": "de587c4b-72f9-427f-8613-434919aac92b",
        "text": "The R Contribution Working Group is 1 year old! :birthday:\n\nOver the next few weeks we will be incubating ideas for things to work on in the coming year. Everyone is welcome to contribute to proposing and discussing ideas. No past experience necessary, just an interest in contributing to R and\/or helping to make the R contributor community more diverse and inclusive.\n\nIdeas can be proposed and discussed in issues on the RCWG GitHub repository from today till 17 September (1 week before the next RCWG meeting). Further details: <https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/ideas_incubator.md>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "Kq+o",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "The R Contribution Working Group is 1 year old! "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "emoji",
                                "name": "birthday",
                                "unicode": "1f382"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nOver the next few weeks we will be incubating ideas for things to work on in the coming year. Everyone is welcome to contribute to proposing and discussing ideas. No past experience necessary, just an interest in contributing to R and\/or helping to make the R contributor community more diverse and inclusive.\n\nIdeas can be proposed and discussed in issues on the RCWG GitHub repository from today till 17 September (1 week before the next RCWG meeting). Further details: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/forwards\/rcontribution\/blob\/master\/ideas_incubator.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "raised_hands",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV",
                    "U02300VLR24",
                    "U027JEHGZRA"
                ],
                "count": 3
            },
            {
                "name": "tada",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV",
                    "U01ECGRL8CB",
                    "U01JACR6L7L",
                    "U01ERR6MN9G",
                    "U01ETREKM6V",
                    "U02300VLR24",
                    "U027JEHGZRA",
                    "U02186FB0UB"
                ],
                "count": 8
            },
            {
                "name": "star-struck",
                "users": [
                    "U02300VLR24",
                    "U01P13B3UTV"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    }
]