[
    {
        "user": "U0524MK6H3K",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1697571637.853909",
        "client_msg_id": "db2f73ff-445a-40d7-9188-f3cb6e459156",
        "text": "For <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/45|post-Sprint reporting purposes>, would the participants mind updating the <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/r-project-sprint-2023\/issues|issues> they've been working on? I will try to summarise publicly available information from Bugzilla and elsewhere if it's linked, but if you've been making progress in a Slack group it will help to let it be known on GitHub.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gc7f0c5d391a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/c7f0c5d391a6f869c9310694b55fa506.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0018-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Krylov",
            "display_name": "Ivan Krylov",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ikrylov",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "6OkqI",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "For "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/45",
                                "text": "post-Sprint reporting purposes"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ", would the participants mind updating the "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/r-project-sprint-2023\/issues",
                                "text": "issues"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " they've been working on? I will try to summarise publicly available information from Bugzilla and elsewhere if it's linked, but if you've been making progress in a Slack group it will help to let it be known on GitHub."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
]