# R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2023-05-19

## Present

**R Core**: Michael Lawrence    
**Bioconductor Core**:   
**R Foundation**:  Heather Turner, Bettina Gr√ºn   
**R Consortium Diversity & Inclusion Group**:   
**MiR**:   
**R-Ladies**: Yani Bellini Saibene  
**R User Groups**:   
**Forwards**:   
**General R community**: James Tripp, Atharva Shirdhankar, Abhishek Ulayil, Shrish Shete, Ben Ubah    
**Latin R**: Yani Bellini Saibene 
**Africa R**: 

## Agenda

- Welcome

- Google summer of code 2023
    - Accepted projects related to base R/R Foundation activities:
        - Atharva Shirdhankar: https://github.com/rstats-gsoc/gsoc2023/wiki/Containerized-Development-Environments-for-R
            - slides: https://www.canva.com/design/DAFizZva5-Q/rzzSfZxmbd6Dz-lSHnbnbQ/view?utm_content=DAFizZva5-Q&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=publishsharelink
            - Codespaces is tied to using VS Code, not as familiar to R users as RStudio
                - On the plus side VC Code is also good for working with C - several people trying out VS Code or VS Codium as part of C Book Club.
        - Abhishek Ulayil: https://github.com/rstats-gsoc/gsoc2023/wiki/Converting-R-Journal-latex-documents-to-Rmarkdown-with-texor
            - slides: https://abhi-1u.github.io/RCWG-presentation/#/title-slide
            - Following on from GSoC project last year. First task is to submit package to CRAN.
        - Shrish Shete: https://github.com/rstats-gsoc/gsoc2023/wiki/Track-R-Translation-Status 
            - https://contributor.r-project.org/translations/
            - aim to use GitHub actions for continuous integration
            - use json or csv to hold data (stick to open source formats)
            - ML: think about how dashboard could encourage contribution: highlighting areas of need.
            - Potential for Shrish to get involved in Hindi translation so familiar with process.
            - Hide English (standard) in the summary plots as always 100%.
            - Allow people to pull the data and create their own visualisations/dashboard

- R Consortium bid (Yani Bellini Saibene)
    - Potential to submit bid to fund some contributors to work on translations.
    - The ISC got a proposal to work on the translations dashboard.  The proposal wasn't approved but R Consortium would be willing to fund the translations.  
    - ML: good as long as integrate with existing initiatives, e.g. weblates, slack etc
    - YSB: proposal should come from the team (RCWG or translation work group). Willing to give feedback on a draft before submission. September is the next call.
    - ML: should connect with Gergely Darcozi and Mike Chirico who are leading translation efforts
    - BU: Happy to support this. Aim to have translation dashboard ready for the sprint so can identify areas of impact and monitor impact of hackathons etc. 

- Translation
    - Gergely is creating a GitHub project board in preparation for R Project Sprint, gathering ideas to work on with respect to infrastructure.

- C book club (https://github.com/r-devel/c-book-club)
    - Aimed at R contributors that want to learn C so they can debug issues in C code/contribute to development of C code.
    - Timed to prepare people for R Project sprint at end of August/September/
    - Around 30 people have signed up to this, have had one session so far for Cohort 1 (Europe-friendly time).
    - Will probably be changing time for Cohort 2 to work better for people in EDT.

- Code of conduct (https://github.com/r-devel/rcontribution/issues/34)
    - No action recently

- Office hours 
    - Around 5 people came per session last time.
    - Plan to keep running monthly.

- Google season of docs/R Development Guide
    - Saranjeet is continuing to work on remaining issues from GSoD 22.
 
- R Project Developer Sprint: 
    - Will begin in June to start gathering ideas for tasks/small projects to work.
    - Will be open so that people not coming to sprint can join conversation on issues.

- AOB / Next steps
    - DP: The R extension in VS Code is not an official one.
        - ML: what would an official extension look like?
        - DP: would be a verified patch, or associated with R Project in some way
        - ML: unlikely to get an official extension for commercial vendor. Not even one for emacs!
        - JT: what are the recommended extensions?
        - HT: possibly identify (unofficially) recommended extensions as part of dev container project and get feedback from wider community about what are good extensions to include.
    - Next meeting: Tuesday, June 20, 2023, 18:30-19:30 UTC.
