[
    {
        "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663321235.385919",
        "client_msg_id": "f96e7792-bc5f-4651-835c-44207d67a1c5",
        "text": "Hi Folks, \n\nHacktoberfest 2022 is round the corner. Can we participate through the r dev guide repo? We need not plan anything in particular for it, as the major theme for Hacktoberfest this year is making non-code contributions to open source which includes technical writing, reviewing, and maintaining open source infrastructure, amongst several other tasks. Any thoughts?",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd920981b676",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-03-13\/1839780280615_fd920981b676e66c082f_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Saranjeet",
            "real_name": "Saranjeet Kaur (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "kaur.saranjeet3",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1663321235.385919",
        "reply_count": 1,
        "reply_users_count": 1,
        "latest_reply": "1663321272.894249",
        "reply_users": [
            "U01LM3R61HV"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
                "ts": "1663321272.894249"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": false,
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "4o7J",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hi Folks, \n\nHacktoberfest 2022 is round the corner. Can we participate through the r dev guide repo? We need not plan anything in particular for it, as the major theme for Hacktoberfest this year is making non-code contributions to open source which includes technical writing, reviewing, and maintaining open source infrastructure, amongst several other tasks. Any thoughts?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663321272.894249",
        "client_msg_id": "7610026d-7479-4027-8328-3904f1119e7c",
        "text": "Here is the link: <https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/|https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/>",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd920981b676",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-03-13\/1839780280615_fd920981b676e66c082f_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Saranjeet",
            "real_name": "Saranjeet Kaur (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "kaur.saranjeet3",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1663321235.385919",
        "parent_user_id": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "from_url": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/",
                "image_url": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/_next\/static\/media\/opengraph.da6e44c0.png",
                "image_width": 500,
                "image_height": 250,
                "image_bytes": 2875330,
                "id": 1,
                "original_url": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/",
                "fallback": "Hacktoberfest 2022",
                "text": "Hacktoberfest: a month-long celebration of open-source projects, their maintainers, and the entire community of contributors.",
                "title": "Hacktoberfest 2022",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/",
                "service_name": "hacktoberfest.com"
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "yv1v",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Here is the link: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/",
                                "text": "https:\/\/hacktoberfest.com\/"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663321455.246689",
        "client_msg_id": "4853536b-14f9-4615-8790-8a6c123c13a2",
        "text": "Also there will Closember 2022 soon: <https:\/\/closember.org\/|https:\/\/closember.org\/> \n\nAnd we can use that as a chance to clean our repos, update or close open issues, and improve the overall health of the R Dev Guide repo.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd920981b676",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-03-13\/1839780280615_fd920981b676e66c082f_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Saranjeet",
            "real_name": "Saranjeet Kaur (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "kaur.saranjeet3",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "RDzqq",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Also there will Closember 2022 soon: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/closember.org\/",
                                "text": "https:\/\/closember.org\/"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " \n\nAnd we can use that as a chance to clean our repos, update or close open issues, and improve the overall health of the R Dev Guide repo."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663321575.005769",
        "client_msg_id": "e7ac643e-88dc-4aec-9aa5-31b917194cb7",
        "text": "Perhaps, both of these participations can be mentioned in the GSoD report that is to be submitted towards the end of November. I am not sure if that is allowed\/acceptable, it is just an idea that occurred to me",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd920981b676",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-03-13\/1839780280615_fd920981b676e66c082f_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Saranjeet",
            "real_name": "Saranjeet Kaur (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "kaur.saranjeet3",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "dztM",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Perhaps, both of these participations can be mentioned in the GSoD report that is to be submitted towards the end of November. I am not sure if that is allowed\/acceptable, it is just an idea that occurred to me"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663324123.167929",
        "client_msg_id": "79309b0d-dbd0-4da4-be13-7e15b7e3d4e3",
        "text": "Yes, both events tie in nicely with our timeline for GSoD. We already had the hacktoberfest topic on the repo from last year, I've just added the closember topic as well. You and <@U01KXU8UNRX> will need to register if you want your PRs to count towards hacktoberfest.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "0oj",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Yes, both events tie in nicely with our timeline for GSoD. We already had the hacktoberfest topic on the repo from last year, I've just added the closember topic as well. You and "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01KXU8UNRX"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " will need to register if you want your PRs to count towards hacktoberfest."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "raised_hands",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663324246.971329",
        "client_msg_id": "c304e0bd-dd37-48a3-aa93-7cc5ee555c62",
        "text": "I've just gone through the issues list this morning and assigned them to <@U01LM3R61HV> and <@U01KXU8UNRX> according to their work plans, hopefully no big surprises.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "NwKD",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "I've just gone through the issues list this morning and assigned them to "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01LM3R61HV"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " and "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01KXU8UNRX"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " according to their work plans, hopefully no big surprises."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01KXU8UNRX"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663324451.126209",
        "client_msg_id": "e564f42b-d99e-4388-b38f-840dc41403bf",
        "text": "(One of our GSoD metrics was to close 75% of issues open at the start of the project.)",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "rgmoS",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "(One of our GSoD metrics was to close 75% of issues open at the start of the project.)"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01LM3R61HV",
                    "U01KXU8UNRX"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01LM3R61HV",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1663354022.713399",
        "client_msg_id": "6d19b65b-751f-4e6b-b2ea-9f57d9f52333",
        "text": "Update:\nHave created following new PRs:\n1. <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/70|PR#70>: Added pdf epub options. Review requested\n2. <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/71|PR#71>: Added acknowledgement, cover image, and license info in index.Rmd. Review requested\n3. <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/72|PR#72>: Draft PR for Introduction chapter upgrade and including Schema in it. This is a work in progress and review is not yet requested on it.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd920981b676",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-03-13\/1839780280615_fd920981b676e66c082f_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Saranjeet",
            "real_name": "Saranjeet Kaur (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "kaur.saranjeet3",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "Nrbv",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Update:\nHave created following new PRs:\n"
                            }
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_list",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "rich_text_section",
                                "elements": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "link",
                                        "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/70",
                                        "text": "PR#70"
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "type": "text",
                                        "text": ": Added pdf epub options. Review requested"
                                    }
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "rich_text_section",
                                "elements": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "link",
                                        "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/71",
                                        "text": "PR#71"
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "type": "text",
                                        "text": ": Added acknowledgement, cover image, and license info in index.Rmd. Review requested"
                                    }
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "rich_text_section",
                                "elements": [
                                    {
                                        "type": "link",
                                        "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rdevguide\/pull\/72",
                                        "text": "PR#72"
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "type": "text",
                                        "text": ": Draft PR for Introduction chapter upgrade and including Schema in it. This is a work in progress and review is not yet requested on it."
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ],
                        "style": "ordered",
                        "indent": 0,
                        "border": 0
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1::skin-tone-2",
                "users": [
                    "U01DZUA88S1"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]