[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1633690527.003500",
        "client_msg_id": "7810eef7-b06b-40df-8f81-384f6a8ef457",
        "text": "Hi Amelia, this is a great idea. <@U01JAD86TEW> is in the process of setting up a new Accessibility sub-team within Forwards and this may be something they would be willing to work on. It is also related to the R Repositories Working Group (<https:\/\/github.com\/RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg>) - I think there's also been a bit of discussion about updating the CRAN website among that group. So I think it would be most helpful to add an issue there, since that group is meeting regularly to discuss issues raised and it should probably be a collaboration between that group, Forwards and the CRAN team.  If you open an issue and let me know (maybe by pinging @hturner on GitHub), I will respond, since I am willing to follow this up.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1633625311.003000",
        "parent_user_id": "U01FGQ2PUL8",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "fallback": "RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg",
                "title": "RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg",
                "id": 1,
                "color": "24292f",
                "fields": [
                    {
                        "title": "Stars",
                        "value": "14",
                        "short": true
                    },
                    {
                        "title": "Language",
                        "value": "HTML",
                        "short": true
                    }
                ],
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY"
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "NV+",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hi Amelia, this is a great idea. "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01JAD86TEW"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " is in the process of setting up a new Accessibility sub-team within Forwards and this may be something they would be willing to work on. It is also related to the R Repositories Working Group ("
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ") - I think there's also been a bit of discussion about updating the CRAN website among that group. So I think it would be most helpful to add an issue there, since that group is meeting regularly to discuss issues raised and it should probably be a collaboration between that group, Forwards and the CRAN team.  If you open an issue and let me know (maybe by pinging @hturner on GitHub), I will respond, since I am willing to follow this up."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heavy_check_mark",
                "users": [
                    "U01FGQ2PUL8"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01KXU8UNRX"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]