[
    {
        "user": "U02HUL3G5L2",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1683877349.192049",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U02HUL3G5L2",
            "ts": "1683877679.000000"
        },
        "client_msg_id": "e65596d9-1bf3-4834-82f4-6a04c5247f13",
        "text": "Just flagging Simon Urbanek's <https:\/\/stat.ethz.ch\/pipermail\/r-package-devel\/2023q2\/009159.html|message> today on the R-pkg-devel mailing list regarding creating a community repository of code snippets that expand on R-exts. The motivation was some complexities with cmake and macos but we've already seen Jeroen provided some <https:\/\/github.com\/r-rust\/faq|guidance for Rust> after similar <https:\/\/stat.ethz.ch\/pipermail\/r-package-devel\/2022q4\/008640.html|calls for community guidance on the mailing lists> so think the scope could be broader. Perhaps something for the R Project Sprint?",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "977af759eea9",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2021-10-14\/2599997202470_977af759eea959cbafdf_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "Tim",
            "real_name": "Tim Taylor",
            "display_name": "Tim Taylor",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "tim.taylor",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1683877349.192049",
        "reply_count": 1,
        "reply_users_count": 1,
        "latest_reply": "1683881072.753519",
        "reply_users": [
            "U01DZUA88S1"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
                "ts": "1683881072.753519"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": true,
        "last_read": "1683881072.753519",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "pxIzS",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Just flagging Simon Urbanek's "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/stat.ethz.ch\/pipermail\/r-package-devel\/2023q2\/009159.html",
                                "text": "message"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " today on the R-pkg-devel mailing list regarding creating a community repository of code snippets that expand on R-exts. The motivation was some complexities with cmake and macos but we've already seen Jeroen provided some "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-rust\/faq",
                                "text": "guidance for Rust"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " after similar "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/stat.ethz.ch\/pipermail\/r-package-devel\/2022q4\/008640.html",
                                "text": "calls for community guidance on the mailing lists"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " so think the scope could be broader. Perhaps something for the R Project Sprint?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U04J1G1V877",
                    "U057G5HEN7L"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1683881072.753519",
        "client_msg_id": "835c63dc-5d35-43e6-bc5e-4cdae5c1e731",
        "text": "Thanks for sharing. This is a bit borderline for the sprint as our priority will be contributions to base R (code and docs) vs packages. But it could be proposed as an idea to see if it is something sprint participants want to work on. I need to set up a bit of infrastructure\/guidance for people to propose ideas and discuss openly - hopefully I'll get to this by the end of May.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1683877349.192049",
        "parent_user_id": "U02HUL3G5L2",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "5Kb",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Thanks for sharing. This is a bit borderline for the sprint as our priority will be contributions to base R (code and docs) vs packages. But it could be proposed as an idea to see if it is something sprint participants want to work on. I need to set up a bit of infrastructure\/guidance for people to propose ideas and discuss openly - hopefully I'll get to this by the end of May."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U02HUL3G5L2",
                    "U01KXU8UNRX"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    }
]