[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1697616117.700879",
        "client_msg_id": "8ee75b3c-cf41-4571-be5e-c77f9977d249",
        "text": "Minutes from the RCWG meeting: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-10-18.md>",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-10-18.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-10-18.md | 2023-10-18.md>",
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2023-09-15*\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*:  \n*Bioconductor Core*:  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*R Consortium Diversity & Inclusion Group*:  \n*MiR*:  \n*R-Ladies*: Shannon Pileggi  \n*RainbowR*:  \n*Forwards*:  \n*Latin R*:  \n*Africa R*:  \n*Asia R*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*General R community*: Gabriel Becker, Ivan Krylov\n\n*Agenda*\n\n• Welcome\n\n*Main items*\n\n• Translations\n    \n    • Translations subsite (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/46|r-devel\/rcwg#46>)\n        • Translations wiki moved to <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations\/|https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations\/>\n    • Presentations on translation guidelines\/Weblate (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/issues\/43|r-devel\/rcwg#43>)\n        • LatinR Talk (María Nanton and Pao Corrales) and translation space\n            • Further work on Spanish guidelines in preparation. Also translating to Spanish.\n        • Brazilian Portuguese group have created a presentation <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/presentation\/d\/1uqsPo715R_r0u6wPyC3EBbUVkri0qjf7SV5Y-zTfTZ0\/edit#slide=id.gc6f9e470d_0_0|https:\/\/docs.google.com\/presentation\/d\/1uqsPo715R_r0u6wPyC3EBbUVkri0qjf7SV5Y-zTfTZ0\/edit#slide=id.gc6f9e470d_0_0>.\n        • Keep in mind for posit::conf next year. Doing 1 day workshop + 2 days of conference next year, so more space for satellite events - could have some sort of contributor event. Will be in Seattle in August. Would have an idea who will be there 4-6 months out. Jenny Bryan and Mine Çetinkaya Rundel.\n        • Other in pipeline?\n    • Credit for translators\n        • Michael Lawrence is happy to add section in main NEWS file. Will base it on summary from Gergely Daróczi\/Michael Chirico when they create the patch.\n• CZI EOSS application (<https:\/\/chanzuckerberg.com\/rfa\/essential-open-source-software-for-science\/|https:\/\/chanzuckerberg.com\/rfa\/essential-open-source-software-for-science\/>)\n    \n    • HT submitted a letter of intent to fund a second R Project Sprint at Warwick and some developer\/community manager time to sustain the community in between times. Exploring ideas of what might work regarding the latter, in particular ways to support people outside of Warwick.\n    • 2 weeks wait to find out if we can submit full proposal, if we get to the next round there is a month to prepare the full proposal. So will need to communicate outside RCWG meetings on progress.\n• Follow-up activities from the R Project sprint (needs issue?)\n    \n    • Discussed last time: some contributor meeting within the UK community? No progress on this yet.\n    • From R Contributor Office Hour: proposal to have focused sessions on nlme\n        • Martyn Plummer suggested started a working group (that ties in with RCWG meetings\/office hours to avoid additional meetings). Initial objective would be to work through nlme bugs: identifying a couple per month for people to look at asynchronously, but knowing that others plan to work on them.\n• Instructions to build R on the Mac\n    \n    • Pending. HT wrote a draft before the sprint. Ella Kaye and George Stagg worked through and have some updates to make. HT and EK plan to meet up and prepare a PR for the Dev Guide.\n        • Run past Simon Urbanek as well. If anything needs updating in R-admin, make sure updated as well.\n• News for R Journal article\n    \n    • Need to summarise work that was done at the sprint (and possibly after).\n    • HT planning to work on this in the next few weeks. Will share draft with participants.\n    • Helpful if people can make sure their own work is summarised on the R Project Spint repo (issues closed if complete!) and possibly summarise work of larger groups they were involved in.\n    • Also helpful to know any work outstanding that we can recommend to people as good issues to work on.\n\n*Next meeting*\n\n• Friday, November 24, 2023, 15:00-16:00 UTC\n    • N.B. One week later than usual",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-10-18.md | 2023-10-18.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "XZj6\/",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Minutes from the RCWG meeting: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-10-18.md"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01KXU8UNRX",
                    "U052N77UHG8",
                    "U0358KRE3FC"
                ],
                "count": 3
            }
        ]
    }
]