[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1694791826.679929",
        "client_msg_id": "6d18454c-20d2-43ce-b2ef-29fe654d5789",
        "text": "Minutes from RCWG meeting: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md | 2023-09-15.md>",
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2023-09-15*\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*:  \n*Bioconductor Core*:  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*R Consortium Diversity & Inclusion Group*:  \n*MiR*:  \n*R-Ladies*:  \n*RainbowR*:  \n*Forwards*:  \n*Latin R*:  \n*Africa R*:  \n*Asia R*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*General R community*: Abhishek Ulayil, Gabriel Becker, Gergely Daroczi, Atharva Shirdhankar, Charlie Gao\n\n*Agenda*\n\n• Welcome\n\n*Main items*\n\n• Review of activity at R Project Developer Sprint\n    \n    • Had 7 R Core members in person, 3 online. Plus 41 contributors in person, 5 online. R Core members were very busy supporting various projects, but seemed a good balance of R Core vs non R Core. Addressed issues related to accessibility (screen reader users), translation (Weblate setup, string translation, process documentation), documentation bugs, low-level bugs, statistical issues, graphics features and issues related to packages.\n    • Will work on report for R Journal summarising achievements at the sprint and in the following weeks.\n    • Discussed building on momentum from sprint at EMEA-APAC office hour: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/2023-09-14_EMEA-APAC.md|https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/2023-09-14_EMEA-APAC.md>\n        • Need to be careful not to dilute aims of working group, keep focus on making contributions to base R.\n        • Could have presentation of translation guidelines + weblate interface, showing automatic guess plus editing for final message\n            • Or even target LatinR, ConectaR, Bioconductor (regional) conferences etc. Maybe work on presentation together and different people present.\n            • Maybe as part of R Consortium webinar rather than an R Contributor Office Hour (can still be promoted as R Contributor event). Could help to get wider audience. Maybe Why R? Seminars. Also R-Ladies (Remote\/Latin R?).\n        • Something within UK community? Maybe in connection with Alan Turing.\n• Translations\n    \n    • LatinR translatathon? - no members present to discuss.\n    • Process for onboarding a new language\n        • 2 new language teams (Catalan, Chinese) onboarded yesterday (Sept 14, 2023). After a few iterations on Slack seems to have gone well.\n    • Moving translation documentation to separate bookdown\/Quarto website\n        • Gergely happy to start a repo and to ask if anyone else want to help\n    • Inviting further translation team leaders - perhaps once new translation site set up, collaborate on email to existing maintainers (as on <https:\/\/developer.r-project.org\/TranslationTeams.html|https:\/\/developer.r-project.org\/TranslationTeams.html>) asking if they would like to join as team leaders and adopt the Weblate workflow.\n    • Patch for R Core\n        • Mike Chirico will work on it for this time.\n        • Discussed issue of credit at AMER hour yesterday: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/2023-09-14_AMER.md|https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/2023-09-14_AMER.md>\n            • Contributions are already put in commit messsage\n            • Also have leaderboard in Weblate\n            • NEWS file may be better as easier to point to than various SVN commits. Also tied to specific version of R, as part of source.\n            • Alternatively we could write news article in R Journal once a year summarising contributions.\n            • See what Michael Lawrence thinks about options (NEWS or R Journal News)\n            • General work on translation is worthy of one-off regular R Journal article.\n• R Consortium bid for work on translations?\n    \n    • How could funds be managed? Possibly could use R Project Open Collective, but this incurs fees ~13%. Have named contributors up-front that are paid directly?\n    • How to allocate work\/funding? How to set payment rates across countries. Issues of who to pay vs who volunteers.\n    • Does anyone have time to prepare a bid? No one at meeting. Maybe not enough time to address tricky issues above.\n    • Could instead sponsor local hackathons: local travel, overnight stay, catering. Could then apply to R Consortium small conferences fund. [Post-meeting edit: more likely special projects fund: <https:\/\/www.r-consortium.org\/all-projects\/r-user-group-support-program>]\n• Google Summer of Code projects\n    \n    • R Translation Dashboard [skipped as short on time and already discussed translations a lot]\n    • R Development Container (Arthava Shirdhankar) Working towards version 0.2. Working on documentation and further illustration of workflows. Also working on optimising container image size. Although v0.2 was not ready in time, v0.1 was useful at the R Project Sprint. Work has slowed now GSoC finished and mentors occupied by other things, but will continue to develop for future use.\n    • R Journal article conversion (Abhishek Ulayil). Developed toolkit last year to convert articles from LaTeX to HTML. This year, actually working on conversion, articles should be published around end of year. Heather worked with Jonathan Godrey on checking accessiblity of some of the HTML articles with a screen reader and it is a big improvement in accessibility.\n• AOB: None.\n\n*Next meeting*\n\n• Tuesday, October 17, 2023, 18:30-19:30 UTC",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md | 2023-09-15.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "M6pU2",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Minutes from RCWG meeting: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-09-15.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
]