[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1713519104.741099",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
            "ts": "1713519125.000000"
        },
        "client_msg_id": "c5c25f06-55d2-4070-94ef-ee631847d82b",
        "text": "Minutes, including link to Zoom recording: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2024-04-18.md>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2024-04-18.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2024-04-18.md | 2024-04-18.md>",
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2024-04-18*\n\n<https:\/\/us02web.zoom.us\/rec\/share\/Mijl467BcHcSMtR6H8kAHFLl9o31P6XllPwQ1lfBM7rqwNWIdzMKJFZhXkFO0dUD.i-Y0jscOsQHGv6Xg|Zoom Recording> (recording may no longer be available after a couple of months!)\n\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*:  \n*Bioconductor Core*:  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*MiR*:  \n*R-Ladies*: Shannon Pileggi  \n*RainbowR*:  \n*Forwards*:  \n*Latin R*:  \n*Africa R*:  \n*Asia R*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*General R community*: Gabriel Becker, Aidan Lakshman, Dave Slager\n\n*Agenda*\n\n• Welcome + start meeting recording.\n\n*Main items*\n\n• Translations\n    \n    • Patch for R Core: Mike Chirico and Gergely Daróczi prepared a big patch ready for the release of R 4.4.0 next week.  \n        This includes a lot of work from R Project Sprint 2023, the LatinR hackathon and other contributions via Weblate.  \n        Having fixed vary issues with this big patch, hope to be able to patch more regularly (~quarterly) in future, so updates might be included in patch releases.\n• Dev Days\n    \n    • <https:\/\/pretix.eu\/r-contributors\/r-dev-day-imperial-2024\/|Day Day @ Imperial> (prior to London satRday), Friday April 26\n        • Sponsorship from Jumping Rivers and Imperial RSE to cover catering\n        • Have ~20 sign-ups. Had open registration as a more local event\n        • No representation from R Core, but a few people that were at R Project Sprint and other experienced contributors that can help mentor others.\n    • <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/r-dev-day-plus-2024\/|Day Day @ PLUS> (post useR! 2024), Friday 12 July\n        • Participants were selected to balance beginner\/intermediate\/advanced as at R Project Sprint.\n        • Currently confirming participants, but currently expect ~36, including 4 from R Core (Paul Murrell, Luke Tierney, Martin Maechler, Sebastian Meyer)\n        • A few beginners in reserve.\n    • Dev Day @ Fred Hutch post posit::conf(2024), Thursday 15 August\n        • Running alongside <https:\/\/www.tidyverse.org\/blog\/2024\/04\/tdd-2024\/|Tidyverse Dev Day>\n        • Sponsorship from Posit to cover catering and any other venue costs\n        • Only have 16 places for people to work on base R, so will fill these by invitation. Initial batch of invitations sent out.\n        • Hope to have 2 people from R Core involved.\n    • Plans for activities\/preparations\n        • Set up new R Dev Days repo\n            • Move any relevant bugs across from Bug BBQ\/Sprint Repo\n            • Add new ideas\n            • Label ones for specific Dev Days. Between Dev Days can remove old labels, only leaving those where work will continue after the Dev Day.\n        • Have triaging group as a particular activity? I.e. as Tomas Kalibera described in his post <https:\/\/blog.r-project.org\/2019\/10\/09\/r-can-use-your-help-reviewing-bug-reports\/index.html|https:\/\/blog.r-project.org\/2019\/10\/09\/r-can-use-your-help-reviewing-bug-reports\/index.html>\n        • May want to \"pre-register\" for bugs, so people can quickly get started on the day.\n        • Involvement of R Core - their time will be limited, so need to find tasks that can get started without their guidance.\n            • Documentation might be a topic that doesn't need so much direct involvement.\n        • Potential \"side projects\" e.g. internalisation of Rd files, if there are \"R hooks\" that we can get buy-in in advance from R Core.\n        • Revising patches from the Sprint, or other work in progress particularly those involving R Dev Day participants.  \n            Ask R Core members to review patches before the Dev Day, so that people can work on updating the patch at the Dev Day\n• useR! tutorials\n    \n    • Gabe Becker and Heather Turner will re-run Contribution to R tutorial, probably in the morning.\n        • Might need to plan a bit about how small groups will work.\n        • Make sure to promote tutorial to R Dev Day participants.\n        • Links on the repo may be good background for R Dev Day itself.\n    • Gergely Daróczi will run Translating R tutorial online. Lluís Revilla Sancho and Binod Jung Bogati have offered to help.\n        • Make sure doesn't overlap with Dev Day.\n• <https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsoc\/gsoc2024\/wiki\/table-of-proposed-coding-projects|GSoC> (Google Summer of Code)\n    \n    • Projects have not been selected yet. There are a few proposals relevant to this group, e.g. further work on the R Dev container\n• <https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsod\/gsod2024\/wiki\/Cookbook-style-documentation-for-CRAN-maintainers|GSoD> (Google Season of Docs)\n    \n    • Proposed updated for documentation helping CRAN maintainers fix common issues.\n    • Unfortunately not selected for GSoD, but plan to resubmit to R Consortium under their \"Special Projects\" grant scheme.\n\n*Next meeting*\n\n• Friday, May 17, 2024, 14:00-15:00 UTC",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2024-04-18.md | 2024-04-18.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg|r-devel\/rcwg>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "7KNsq",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Minutes, including link to Zoom recording: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcwg\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2024-04-18.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "raised_hands",
                "users": [
                    "U01KXU8UNRX",
                    "U06QTQ2HPHU",
                    "U06CZAJ6A86"
                ],
                "count": 3
            }
        ]
    }
]