[
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1658402544.379999",
        "client_msg_id": "8d595bc5-28b6-4ac1-b322-dc645caa048b",
        "text": "Topic: R Contribution Working Group\nStart Time: Jul 19, 2022 18:22\n\nMeeting Recording:\n<https:\/\/us02web.zoom.us\/rec\/share\/sdN4ZZ0-3TFBDvSyTizKnstzHNfi1mGWMKfm8lKU_0W_fpNXxAA9_ZYz4ysZ6QFn.H_7dg-9guG3iYcWg>\n\nAccess Passcode: eX+04cn5\n\nMinutes: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2022-17-19.md>",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1658236477.682939",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2022-17-19.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2022-17-19.md | 2022-17-19.md>",
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2022-07-19*\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*:  \n*Bioconductor Core*:  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*R Consortium Diversity &amp; Inclusion Group*:  \n*MiR*:  \n*R-Ladies*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*Forwards*: Michael Chirico  \n*General R community*: Gabe Becker, Ben Ubah, Lluís Revilla, Gergely Daroczi, Meet Bhatnagar, John Hayes, Ben Hoffman\n\n*Agenda*\n\n1. Welcome\/News\n    \n    • Round of introductions of people present\n    • Meeting recorded from this point - will be shared on Slack group\n2. Translation\n    \n    • <https:\/\/translate.rx.studio|Weblate server> hosted by Gergely Daróczi\n        • Quick demo from GD:\n            • Used to be a PhP server to make it easier to contribute translations of R messages, but this disappeared a while ago. Hence experimenting with weblate. See server set up for R here: <https:\/\/translate.rx.studio|https:\/\/translate.rx.studio>\n            • Currently has all available translations for all base packages.\n            • Can automatically fetch latest versions of translation files\n            • As anonymous user can suggest translation for review.\n        • Discussion\n            • GB: Can we set it so that people need to be signed in? GD: yes. If sign in can get benefits like machine translation as a starting point\n            • GB: What about write access - only R core members have write access to SVN. GD: We can make monthly dump file to create patch to send to R Core. Not sure if possible to make a patch directly, but might be able to write extension. Could also set up so that translations need review by second person before sending a patch.\n            • MC: What about copyright\/attribution? GB: Should be okay for logged in users. HT: Requiring registration would be better for security - help avoid spam. GB: Any spam detection in-built? GD: Not sure. It is being used by many big projects.\n            • GB: Would it be worth paying for day of time to review machine translations in given language? Could be a big win with relatively low effort.\n            • MC: Any rate limit on machine transslations? GD: Limit of 2m a month should be plenty.\n            • MC: Can machine translations be accepted in batches for review? GD: Will need to check\n            • HT: Would there be a need for maintainer if patches sent to R Core automatically? GB: Maintainer role could becomes reviewer. MC: Yes they could have final say-so and create diffs and patches if necessary. GD: Will see if maintainer\/reviewer role supported. Patch can be automated.\n            • HT: What encoding is used? Would be good if helped to convert to UTF-8 for all. MC: Especially with UCRT support for Windows. GB: Are translations considered for back-porting or not though? ** Q for R Core **\n            • HT: Would be good to get people using this. Could link from Contributor Site. GD: Will look into issues raised before we promote it too much.\n            • GB: May take a bit of coordination, e.g. to avoid everyone working from the top and working on the same translations. Maybe people could claim section in Slack. GD: They can see if someone else has suggested a translation. GB: Yes, chance of working simultaneously is small. HT: Could happen if running an organized activity, e.g. R User Group Meeting. MC: Some way to split up work would be helpful, e.g. for translatathon.\n            • MC: What about adding new languages? GD: Can just use POT file (template file) to start a new one.\n    • R Translations Dashboard\n        • A <https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsoc\/gsoc2022\/wiki\/Track-R-Translations-Status|GSoC> project, with MB as programmer, BU and MC as mentors: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/translations|repo>, <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations\/|dashboard>.\n        • Demo from Ben Ubah\n            • Background: Used to be website that displayed numeric summaries of translation status in R. Aim is to create dashboard to replace this.\n            • Using Flexdashboard - uses R, enables interactivity.\n            • First draft: Shows overall translated\/untranslated\/fuzzy messages (across all base packages). Plot with translated\/untranslated for each package: can view of all languages or a selected language. Table that shows counts of translated\/untranslated\/fuzzy messages.\n            • To do: visualize metadata. Open to suggestions.\n        • Discussion\n            • HT: Weblate has some basic visualization; dashboard has potential to give further visualisation\/better layout. Should complement each other.\n            • HT: Dashboard will show current status of R-devel vs Weblate that will also show in-progress translations. BU: Yes, data can be updated on regular basis\n            • HT: Can also be information board, e.g. adding information about translation teams, or documentation.\n            • HT: Would be helpful to have some indicator of how active teams are, e.g. when translations last updated.\n            • BU: project is on GitHub so feel free to create issues\/add feature requests.\n            • HT: Nice to have for people easily explore current status, without having to analysis source files. Could also be a way to give credit to people. GD: Can't get that information from SVN sources. HT: Perhaps a future iteration could also use information from Weblate.\n    • MC: inspired by the dashboard discussions (weblate+flexdashboard): <https:\/\/github.com\/orgs\/github-community\/discussions\/20893|github-community\/community#20893>\n3. <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/issues\/18|Review of Bug Barbecue>\n    \n    • GB: Flurry of activity did create work for R Core in the sense of adding things for them to respond to. Some unfortunate timing as Michael Lawrence on sabbatical and might otherwise have helped with this. One or two participants that started on issues have followed them up on Bugzilla to take them further, but others haven't. We should probably reach out to see if there's interest to work on them further.\n    • HT: Martin Maechler did follow up on some issues to help progress them.\n    • GB: One big bug did get fixed after further interaction with Martin. Martin also helped with some issues I was working on. Currently on pause while Martin is on vacation.\n    • HT: A disadvantage of holding it at useR! is that many people do take holiday after. But still time to follow-up. At least there are things in the queue for R Core to look at.\n    • GB: Would be interested to see what R Core felt, seems it went well from our side.\n    • HT: Maybe we can try to follow up towards the end of the summer. Try to follow up on some of the other issues in the meantime.\n4. Where next?\n    \n    • HT: RCWG plan from July to July, roughly in sync with useR!. So we've come to end of planned activities and need to think where to go next. Some ideas gather before\/during meeting:\n        • Helpful to continue adding to Bug BBQ issues? Could be done in Collaboration Campfire type session\n        • Collaboration Campfires: re-run in different timezone? Build on previous topics, with more hands-on contribution (adding translations, diagnosing bugs)?\n        • Bug BBQ: monthly mini version, space for people to continue working or to observe contributors workng out loud? Similar event for LatinR? Wait till next year?\n        • Code of conduct\n        • Promote testing of R during next feature freeze\n        • Translation hackathon\n    • HT: Welcome further ideas\/comments. Will try to kick off some new issues on the GitHub so can discuss over August.\n5. AOB \/ Next steps\n    \n    • Next meeting: Break over August, then 3rd week Sept.",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2022-17-19.md | 2022-17-19.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution|r-devel\/rcontribution>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "bI5",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Topic: R Contribution Working Group\nStart Time: Jul 19, 2022 18:22\n\nMeeting Recording:\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/us02web.zoom.us\/rec\/share\/sdN4ZZ0-3TFBDvSyTizKnstzHNfi1mGWMKfm8lKU_0W_fpNXxAA9_ZYz4ysZ6QFn.H_7dg-9guG3iYcWg"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nAccess Passcode: eX+04cn5\n\nMinutes: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2022-17-19.md"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "bow",
                "users": [
                    "U027JEHGZRA"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]