[
    {
        "user": "U01ERR6MN9G",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1674476303.161799",
        "client_msg_id": "9882c34d-e337-4328-935a-a0f9eb25797a",
        "text": ":mega: Hi! I want invite you to rOpenSci Community Call: *{targets} in Action* \n\n:calendar: When: _Tuesday, 31 January 2023 20:00 UTC \/ Tuesday, 31 January 2023 15:00 EST \/ Wednesday, 1st February 07:00 AEDT._\n\nThe <https:\/\/docs.ropensci.org\/targets\/|{targets}> package is a pipeline tool for Statistics and data science in R. With {targets}, you can maintain a reproducible workflow without repeating yourself. {targets} learns how your pipeline fits together, skips costly runtime for tasks that are already up to date, runs only the necessary computation, supports implicit parallel computing, abstracts files as R objects, and shows tangible evidence that the results match the underlying code and data.\n\nOn this call Will, Eric and Joel will share their experience putting *{targets} into action*. Eric will share with us _Using {targets} with HPC_ and Joel will talk about _Using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines_, then Will will demonstrate _Debugging {targets} pipelines_.\n\nMore info on the <https:\/\/ropensci.org\/commcalls\/jan2023-targets\/|event page>.",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "7296c8023858",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2020-11-14\/1501858624130_7296c802385821b9dcf5_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "",
            "real_name": "Yanina Bellini Saibene",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "yabellini",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "from_url": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/commcalls\/jan2023-targets\/",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/android-chrome-512x512.png",
                "thumb_width": 512,
                "thumb_height": 512,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/favicon.ico",
                "id": 1,
                "original_url": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/commcalls\/jan2023-targets\/",
                "fallback": "{targets} in Action · Community Call",
                "text": "Community Call covering {targets} troubleshooting and use cases.",
                "title": "{targets} in Action · Community Call",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/commcalls\/jan2023-targets\/",
                "service_name": "ropensci.org"
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "EoZxZ",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "emoji",
                                "name": "mega",
                                "unicode": "1f4e3"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " Hi! I want invite you to rOpenSci Community Call: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "{targets} in Action ",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "emoji",
                                "name": "calendar",
                                "unicode": "1f4c6"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " When: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Tuesday, 31 January 2023 20:00 UTC \/ Tuesday, 31 January 2023 15:00 EST \/ Wednesday, 1st February 07:00 AEDT.",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nThe "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/docs.ropensci.org\/targets\/",
                                "text": "{targets}"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " package is a pipeline tool for Statistics and data science in R. With {targets}, you can maintain a reproducible workflow without repeating yourself. {targets} learns how your pipeline fits together, skips costly runtime for tasks that are already up to date, runs only the necessary computation, supports implicit parallel computing, abstracts files as R objects, and shows tangible evidence that the results match the underlying code and data.\n\nOn this call Will, Eric and Joel will share their experience putting "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "{targets} into action",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". Eric will share with us "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Using {targets} with HPC",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " and Joel will talk about "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Using {targets} for bioinformatics pipelines",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ", then Will will demonstrate "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Debugging {targets} pipelines",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ".\n\nMore info on the "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/ropensci.org\/commcalls\/jan2023-targets\/",
                                "text": "event page"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U0378PQ4GAY",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1674486652.741389",
        "client_msg_id": "3d40d703-f662-4b1d-a8c6-567e2ce7252b",
        "text": "Sorry I missed this. Any meeting minutes for this event?",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g3d5b61b7d2c",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/3d5b61b7d2c490d79faaf2bc738a8ad8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0011-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ben",
            "real_name": "Ben Ubah",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ubah.ben22",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1674213258.389249",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "h2H1+",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Sorry I missed this. Any meeting minutes for this event?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1674488344.042869",
        "client_msg_id": "e2d0e9d7-65ae-4308-b486-0fd8fd9d4da4",
        "text": "Hi <@U0378PQ4GAY>. Yes, minutes are here: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-01-20.md>. I'd be interested to know if you and\/or <@U01N3ET8N82> see potential for a GSoC project on the translations dashboard and if so, if you'd be willing to mentor it. I think it could be nice to have something that keeps up to date with the status in the r SVN repo, as well as the contributions in Weblate. Maybe the app could facilitate the process of getting the code for a badge to add to people's GitHub profiles. Now that people are using Weblate more, people are coming up with these interesting ideas!",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g580131f5a7a",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/580131f5a7a4fa33c811dc6d20ab3ef8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0004-72.png",
            "first_name": "Heather",
            "real_name": "Heather Turner (she\/her)",
            "display_name": "Heather Turner",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ht",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1674213258.389249",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "id": 1,
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/slack.github.com\/static\/img\/favicon-neutral.png",
                "color": "24292f",
                "bot_id": "B01V53YD4FJ",
                "app_unfurl_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-01-20.md",
                "is_app_unfurl": true,
                "app_id": "A01BP7R4KNY",
                "fallback": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-01-20.md | 2023-01-20.md>",
                "text": "*R Contribution Working Group Meeting 2023-01-20*\n*Present*\n\n*R Core*:  \n*Bioconductor Core*:  \n*R Foundation*: Heather Turner  \n*R Consortium Diversity & Inclusion Group*:  \n*MiR*:  \n*R-Ladies*:  \n*R User Groups*:  \n*Forwards*:  \n*General R community*: Gergely Daroczi, Avinab Neogy, Lluís Revilla, Gabriel Becker  \n*Latin R*:  \n*Africa R*: Ahmadou Dicko\n\n*Agenda*\n\n• Welcome\n• Office hours (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/issues\/32|r-devel\/rcontribution#32>)\n    \n    • Session notes: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/|https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/office_hours\/>\n    • Ran again on December 1 and January 12, booked times for February 9 and March 9.\n        • Would work better for Gabe to have AMER hour shifted 30min later\n        • HT to check with Elin\n    • Several sign-ups on LinkedIn, but high no-show rate. Only one non-facilitator attended in Dec\/Jan.\n    • Still made use of time to look at bugs, leading to following fixes:\n        • <https:\/\/bugs.r-project.org\/show_bug.cgi?id=16158|https:\/\/bugs.r-project.org\/show_bug.cgi?id=16158>\n        • <https:\/\/bugs.r-project.org\/show_bug.cgi?id=16305|https:\/\/bugs.r-project.org\/show_bug.cgi?id=16305>\n    • Changes to R Dev Guide made in GSoD 2022 have been helpful, e.g pointed new contributor to this, who subsequently got set up to build R on Linux; also used as reference for lifecycle of a patch.\n    • Attendance\n        • Using Zoom registration vs sharing details didn't seem to help (no sign-ups that way)\n        • Will ask R Consortium if we can have a group on their Meetup Pro account.\n        • Should also promote via R Weekly.\n• Translation via Weblate (<https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/|https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/>)\n    \n    • Gergely Daróczi has prepared a patch on Slack: <https:\/\/r-contributors.slack.com\/archives\/C0210D7EN1X\/p1674051583230129|https:\/\/r-contributors.slack.com\/archives\/C0210D7EN1X\/p1674051583230129>\n        • Updates since the summer\n        • Contributions to 8 languages: Portuguese, Chinese (Simplified), English (United Kingdom), French, Albanian, Spanish, Korean, Italian\n        • 18 contributors, 3486 strings\n        • Can see impact of LatinR translatathon. Community introduces a bit of friendly competition!\n        • Potential contacts for AsiaR translatathon if\/when we run that.\n    • There is a dashboard that you can look at : <https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/projects\/r-project\/#languages|https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/projects\/r-project\/#languages>\n    • GB: Could be award badges for certain number of translations?  \n        - GD: Will look into this. List of top 10 translators: <https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/stats\/|https:\/\/translate.rx.studio\/stats\/>\n    • GD: Will check on the high percentage of failling checks as GB pointed out. Probably due to the trailing whitespace in Japanese translations?\n    • AN: Will start working on translation to British English.\n    • AD: Will look at French translations.\n• Google season of docs\n    \n    • 2022 (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/issues\/31|r-devel\/rcontribution#31>)\n        • Only minor edits since final report.\n        • Some work still to do, with budget still available\n            • Some assigned to Saranjeet\n            • Need to find new writer to work on MacOS installation instructions.\n            • There has been an update to the RTools machinery that needs updated.\n    • 2023 just announced: <https:\/\/developers.google.com\/season-of-docs\/docs\/timeline|https:\/\/developers.google.com\/season-of-docs\/docs\/timeline>. Deadline for applications: March 24.\n        • Will set up repo for discussion of ideas as last year (<https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsod\/gsod2023|https:\/\/github.com\/rstats-gsod\/gsod2023>)\n            • Could tie in with work of R Repositories WG <https:\/\/github.com\/RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg\/blob\/main\/minutes\/2022-12-19-CRAN-discussion.md?plain=1#L57-L63|https:\/\/github.com\/RConsortium\/r-repositories-wg\/blob\/main\/minutes\/2022-12-19-CRAN-discussion.md?plain=1#L57-L63>\n                • Collate experience from R package developers\n        • Could be good to push on with R Development Guide. Maybe as smaller 3 month project vs 6 month project if not enough left on TODO list.\n• Google summer of code\n    \n    • Creating a Linux Container to build R-devel on Windows (maybe also Mac?). As discussed in November RCWG meeting.\n        • May get \"for free\" from R Repositories working group. Although they are talking about Docker, which isn't so easy to set up on Windows.\n    • Possibly more work on the R Journal project\n    • More work on <https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations\/|https:\/\/contributor.r-project.org\/translations\/> - incorporating stats from Weblate?\n    • Some community platform for triage of bugs?\n• R Project Developer Sprint:\n    \n    • Dates now set: Wednesday August 30 - Friday 1 September.\n    • Venue: University of Warwick, UK.\n    • Formal announcement with webpage etc to appear in coming weeks\n        • Opportunity for R Core to propose projects (one contributed by Paul Murrell already: <https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/r-project-sprint\/tree\/main|https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/r-project-sprint\/tree\/main>)\n        • Opportunity for novice contributors to apply for funded attendance.\n• useR! 2023\n    \n    • Dates for hybrid conference being finalized, announcement to appear soon.\n    • Possibility of R Contributor event. Bug BBQ? Translatathon?\n        • GB willing to run training again\n• Mastodon\n    \n    • May set up R Contributors account on <https:\/\/hachyderm.io\/about|https:\/\/hachyderm.io\/about>.\n    • Also possibility that R project will set up instance for small number of official accounts\n    • Would still use Twitter\n• Issues with no recent work\n    \n    • Code of conduct (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/issues\/34|r-devel\/rcontribution#34>)\n    • Translation hackathon (<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/issues\/36|r-devel\/rcontribution#36>)\n• AOB \/ Next steps\n    \n    • Next meeting: Tuesday, February 21, 2023, 19:30-20:30 UTC.",
                "title": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-01-20.md | 2023-01-20.md>",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution|r-devel\/rcontribution>",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "GtD",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hi "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U0378PQ4GAY"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". Yes, minutes are here: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/github.com\/r-devel\/rcontribution\/blob\/main\/team_minutes\/2023-01-20.md"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". I'd be interested to know if you and\/or "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01N3ET8N82"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " see potential for a GSoC project on the translations dashboard and if so, if you'd be willing to mentor it. I think it could be nice to have something that keeps up to date with the status in the r SVN repo, as well as the contributions in Weblate. Maybe the app could facilitate the process of getting the code for a badge to add to people's GitHub profiles. Now that people are using Weblate more, people are coming up with these interesting ideas!"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U0378PQ4GAY",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1674488507.669309",
        "client_msg_id": "4c44d126-5c3d-4eee-adef-56bbf4611690",
        "text": "Yes, planning towards a way forward for this. Will let you know. Thanks for the update!",
        "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "source_team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "g3d5b61b7d2c",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/3d5b61b7d2c490d79faaf2bc738a8ad8.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0011-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ben",
            "real_name": "Ben Ubah",
            "display_name": "",
            "team": "T01DW9DLB2A",
            "name": "ubah.ben22",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1674213258.389249",
        "parent_user_id": "U01DZUA88S1",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "3rY",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Yes, planning towards a way forward for this. Will let you know. Thanks for the update!"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1::skin-tone-2",
                "users": [
                    "U01DZUA88S1"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01N3ET8N82"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]